Shout out to anyone wondering what the opposite of in is.
Remains to be seen if glass coffins become popular.
A joke becomes a dad joke when the punchline is apparent.
I just accidentally swallowed a bunch of Scrabble tiles. My next trip to the bathroom could spell disaster.
God said unto Abraham, "come forth and be granted eternal life." But he came fifth and won a toaster.
My friend keeps annoying me with bird puns. Well toucan play at that game!
My friend is really sick of my Linkin Park references. But in the end it doesn't even matter.
I was wondering why the baseball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
Not only is my thesaurus bad, it's also bad!
There are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary and those who don't.
This coffee tastes like boiled dirt, but it was just ground this morning!
Whiteboards are remarkable!
People used to laugh when I said I wanted to be a comedian. Well nobody's laughing now!
I really should sell my vaccuum cleaner. It's just gathering dust.
So a man walks into a bar. That must have hurt.
Scientists say reducing my body temperature to -273.15 degrees C would kill me, but I think I would be 0K.
Rene Descartes walks into a bar. The bartender asks if he wants a drink. He says, "I think not" and disappears.
Helium walks into a bar. The bartender says, "we don't serve noble gases here." He didn't react.
You hear about that band, "1023 MB"? They haven't had any gigs yet.
Did you hear about the guy whose left arm was cut off? He's alright now.
An infinite number of guys walk into a bar. The first says, "I'll have a beer." The second says, "I'll have half of a beer." The third says, "I'll have a quarter of a beer..." The bartender pulls out two beers and tells them to know their limits.
A policeman pulls over Werner Heisenberg and asks him, "do you know how fast you were going?" Heisenberg replies, "no, but I know where I am."
Why do scuba divers fall backwards off the boat? Because if they fell forward, they'd still be on the boat.
I don't always tell dad jokes. But when I do, he laughs.
What do you get when you cross a joke and a rhetorical question?
Use plenty of fresh Avogadros to make some tasty guacamol.
An 18-wheeler full of wigs and toupees crashed and spilled over the interstate at 1:30 today. Police are still combing the area.
A man is currently in the hospital after he swallowed $115 worth of bills. No change is expected.
Someone reportedly stole all of the toilets at the local police station. The police would open investigation but they have nothing to go on.
Two fish are in a tank. One turns to the other and says "you man the guns, I'll drive!"
So a termite walks into a bar and asks the bartender, "where is the bar tender?"
Why did the capacitor kiss the diode? He just couldn’t resistor!
I bought a locket today and put my own picture in it. Now I'm really independent!
An anagram for "Banach-Tarski" is "Banach-Tarski Banach-Tarski."
Elevators are ok, I guess. They have their ups and downs.
Building stairs is rewarding, but it is a step-by-step process.
A programmer was about to leave for an errand when his wife asks him, "while you're out, could you pick up eggs?" The man never returned.
I poured root beer into a square glass, and now I just have beer.
I wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant, but then I changed my mind.
I recently ordered a thesaurus online and when it arrived the pages were totally blank. I have no words to describe how angry I am.
I once stayed up all night trying to figure out where the sun went. Then it dawned on me.
I love my ceiling. It's not the best but it's definitely up there.
The shovel was a groundbreaking invention.
The definition of opaque is not clear.
Shoutout to sidewalks for keeping me off the street.
I'm terrified of elevators. I'm going to take steps to avoid them.
A woman reported her baggage stolen and the detective found it within the hour. It turns out it was a brief case.
I have an intense fear of speed bumps, but I'm slowly getting over it.
I took the shell off of my racing snail to make him faster, but it just ended up making him more sluggish.